Israel's war is unrelenting yet more
Palestinians SP it those who carry them
short of food and facing famine before
the holy month
ends we are in Ramadan people have but
we are having over remains blood and
death this is our
faith more than 1 million Palestinians
are seeking shelter in gaza's South
forced here after the utter Devastation
in are is further north the Israeli Army
told them Rafa would be safe but their
missiles have continued to strike this
densely populated
area there is no safe area they're
saying this is a safe area but there are
no safe areas they're hitting from every
direction and they don't care about
people they displaced us from here to
there we don't know where to go Israel
says mission is to eliminate Hamas
Fighters it's ordinary people who are
being killed
we are unarmed innocent civilians we
never carried Arms This is the majority
of the Palestinian population in
Gaza nowh this trip is being
spared this is aat in central
Gaza Suddenly at midnight we woke up to
the sound of a blast we rushed the area
here and found this house completely
destroyed half its residents were killed
and some are still under the rubble the
death toll in Gaza now is more than
31,000 with the people Sheltering here
in Rafa effectively cornered the death
tool will rise if the Israel offensive
ground or a
continues TK abom Al jaaz Rafa Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer